Democracy badge gets attention from governor, senator, mayor

We sent our last newsletter about the Democracy badge workshop to local, state, and national elected officials. Several officials wrote back with their reactions to the work the Scouts did. Joe Wise, mayor of Johnson City at the time, wrote in his email reply, "I share your hope that our public service will be marked by kindness and respect." Governor Bill Lee looks "forward to working with [us] and all Tennesseans to make our state the best place to live and work," according to his letter. 

"Too few young Tennesseans understand how our government is organized and how it all works to provide all those things that our families require in order to lead the lives we lead," wrote state senator Rusty Crowe. "Thank you for all you are doing!!" Senator Crowe sent a case of copies of "A Student's Guide to the Tennesse Senate" to share with the troop, family, and friends.

[photo of case]
--

Traditions are not trivial in the Girl Scouts

The Girl Scouts Way badge asks scouts to learn about traditions. One of the most important traditions handed down from Girl Scouts founder Juliette Gordon Low was that we sometimes need to break with tradition.

Juliette was born in 1861, when women were expected to fill the role of wife and mother. But her circumstances led her to live a rather unconventional life! 

Our workshop included a trivia contest based on "Who Was Juliette Gordon Low?", a biography of Juliette and the early history of the Girl Scouts. Give these questions a try!

1. What has Juliette's nick name?
2. Where did Juliette grow up?
3. When she was 17 years old, Juliette went to school in New York. Which of the following subjects did she study there? French, medicine, etiquette, art
4. Juliette had a disability for most of her life. What was it?
5. After marrying and moving to England, which of these activities did Juliette do? Went hunting, visited and helped the poor, built the iron gates for her house, traveled with her husband
6. Which of these are true about Juliette? Juliette hunted tigers in India. Juliette flew with a daredevil pilot when planes were brand new. Juliette supported women's right to vote before it was legal.
7. When did Juliette found the Girl Scouts?
8. Where did Juliette get the idea for starting the Girl Scouts?
9. What are some activities that the Girl Scouts did early on?
10. During World War 1, how did the Girl Scouts help out? 
11. By 2012, how many Girl Scouts were there around the world?

1. Daisy
2. Savannah GA
3. French, etiquette, art
4. She was partially deaf in both ears.
5. visited and helped the poor, built the iron gates for her house
6. They are all true!
7. 1912
8. She met with the founder of the Boy Scouts.
9. Play basketball, Camp, Sew their own uniforms, Earn badges
10. Gardening, canning and preserving food, Knitting socks, Nursing in hospitals, Sewing bandages
11. 3.2 million



--
 

 Ad for ARCH

 --

 Donated cookies to JCPD on Aug 11
 use photo