Proposed Newsletter Title:

Democracy Dames
Chicks and Balances
Daughters of Democracy
Constitutional Debaters
Scout & Citizen


---


Let's Legislate

I will be note-taker and President. 

1. Someone has an idea.

Any scout representative can introduce a bill.

 Bill: Everyone in the country gets a free chocolate cupcake on every Wednesday afternoon. [ introduced by a representative ]

 Bill: The cicada will replace the bald eagle as our national symbol.
[ suggested by the president, but no representative introduced it ]


The president has a bill. Will someone introduce it for me?


2. The bill is introduced.

What's in the hopper? We only have time to debate one, so vote on what bill goes to committee.

Everyone in the country gets a free chocolate cupcake on every Wednesday afternoon.



3. The bill goes to committee.

We need two volunteers to make up a committee. 

Committee members, work on the wording of the bill. 


----
Everyone in the country gets a free chocolate cupcake on the first Wednesday of each month.

At exactly 4pm every working person and their children gets one chocolate cupcake with radius of 1 in and height of 2 in. The cupcake is gluten-free, and has 1 Tbls cocoa powder, 1/4 c of sugar. A person gets a choice of vanilla or chocolate icing.

On Sundays the cupcakes are made in Washington DC. On Tuesdays they are shipped to state capitols, and then disbursed to the people in the states by delivery workers. 

In the Census, people will indicate chocolate or vanilla icing. The number of people in the household will be used to determine the number of cupcakes to deliver.

There will be a new chocolate cupcake income tax to cover the cost. They will be made in the cheapest possible way!
----


Everyone else, start thinking about the bill and if you would vote for or against it.


4. Congress debates and votes.

All scout representatives have a chance to suggest changes to the bill. Everyone votes for changes to add to the bill.

You can also argue for or against the bill. 

Take turns so everyone who wants to talk gets a chance.

[ There was a vigorous debate with concerns about logistics of delivering cupcakes to every person, and food allergies. ]

When you're done with changes, vote on the final version of the bill. It passes with a majority vote (more than half in favor of it).

Yes: 4 votes
No: 0 votes


5. The president takes action.

The president vetoed this bill. There isn't enough funding or detail to figure out how to deliver cupcakes to 350 million people!

The bill went back to congress for a vote.

Yes: 4 votes
No: 0 votes

Congress overrode the president's veto. The Cupcake Bill is now the law of the land.
----











UNICEF recommends asking kids if their city is a Child-friendly city. So...

Do you think kids feel safe in Johnson City? 
Yes


Can they go to the doctor when they feel sick?
Yes


Do they like school?

Some yes and some no, 
Don't like to wake up early


Are there plenty of parks and playgrounds?

Yes, yes
Museums besides gray fossil site and hands-on
Not close enough to where people live

Do adults like parent, teachers and coaches listen to 
kids?

Yes

In general, we all thought Johnson City is already a good city.

Could things in JC be made better for kids? How? What are some issues or problems for kids in our city?
Make a lot of parks
More police in different areas where it's needed
More things for kids to do: it's just parks
More activities that are low-cost or free
Things that younger and older kids can do together

How does a city government listen to its residents? How can you make your voice heard to Johnson City government?

If you have ideas, you are invited to contact the city yourself! Go to act.unicefusa.org/CFCIJC.
--



































Recently we found out that there has been a 50% drop in reading proficiency in Tennessee third graders. Proficient means able to read according to level set by our state government; it's determined from your TCAP score. A 50% drop means that, of the third graders from last year, the number of proficient readers is cut in half this year. 

Research shows us 34% of Tennessee third graders are not proficient readers. That means one third-grade kid in every group of 3 kids cannot read at third-grade level.

Is this a problem? Why is it important for third-graders to be able to read at their grade level? 



Research also shows that students that were not reading at their grade level by third grader have a higher changes of dropping out of high school and higher chance of living in poverty (not having enough money).

How has this school year gone for kids? According to you, do you think kids were able to learn over the school year? Were they able to get better at reading?

Yes, no problem

Parents, teachers, and legislatures have been concerned that this past year has made learning difficult. A new bill in the TN assembly would like to make these changes. What is your opinion about each one? Are you in favor? Why or why not? 



1. Make a new academic summer camp this year
Yes, love school work

2. Make new mini camps and tutoring during the school year to help kids with reading and learning

Might not be fun, esp if you don't like school
Might be better than summer school

3. Make a new program specifically for teaching young kids to read, and train teachers to to teach this way

4. Make third graders repeat third grader if they are not proficient at the end of the school year. They could move on to fourth grade if they go to summer school, go to tutoring in fourth grade, or retake and pass the reading exam.

Frustrating but you could still move on
Good to have summer school

Putting yourself in parents' shoes, what concerns or questions might parents have?
