Pres set-up:

In Chrome, start Google Meet.

In a different Chrome window, open https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H2UncUeCC2o.

In a new Chrom tab, open https://play.kahoot.it/v2/?quizId=13f71841-d89f-4a43-a909-e1dd5d05beca.

In Keynote, play presentation in window.


As a Girl Scout, you are member of a very old organiazation! Girls have been joining the Girl Scouts since 1912--that's 109 years ago.

https://www.wsbtv.com/community/evolution-of-girl-scout-uniforms-over-the-decades/488529968/

--


Over time, the Girl Scouts have come up with many traditions that members have passed down, one generation after another. We are going to learn about Girl Scouts history and traditions to earn the Girl Scouts Way badge in our workshop today.

What Girl Scout traditions can you think of?

--


Why are traditions important? They remind us that, as Girl Scouts, we are part of a big, powerful, and inclusive sisterhood. Traditions unite Girl Scouts across time and space. 
--


What is the Girl Scout "sisterhood"? It doesn't just mean the sisters in your family. All the girls and women who are Girl Scouts try to live by the Girl Scout Law. Because we agree to use the Law as a guide in our daily lives, the Law binds us in a type of sisterhood. 

I will do my best to be
    honest and fair,
    friendly and helpful,
    considerate and caring,
    courageous and strong, and
    responsible for what I say and do,
and to
    respect myself and others,
    respect authority,
    use resources wisely,
    make the world a better place, and
    be a sister to every Girl Scout.

Another tradition is celebrating Founder's Day on October 31 every year. The Girl Scouts founder was Juliette Gordon Low, and October 31, 1860, was her birhtday. She founded the Girl Scouts in 1912.  She was inspired by the Boy Scouts and she encouraged girls to be self-sufficient, have fun, and be good citizens in their communities.

https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7d/Juliette_Gordon_Low_dai.jpg
--

One tradition is Girl Scout Slogan: "Do a good turn daily." It is a reminder of the many ways girls can contribute positively to the lives of others. The slogan has been used since 1912: it's a tradition that joins members across time.
--

Some traditions join us across space, like the Friendship Circle and Greeting, but a pandemic makes it hard to do these traditions.

One tradition we can do together while we are apart is SWAPS. SWAPS stands for "Special Whatchamacallits Affectionately Pinned Somewhere." Girl Scouts make these small tokens of friendship to exchange with the Girl Scouts they meet while traveling. We are using them today to exchange with scouts we can't be with in person.

Making the world a better place is another important tradition for the Girl Scouts. All of you have helped to improve communities. [[ SHOW PICS ]]

One more tradition is singing. We can't be together to sing, but we can all make a song together. [[ PLAY SONG ]]

tradition of breaking traditions:
did not have children
in favor of women getting the vote
carefully brought together adults ideas of girls and femininity and the girls insistence on having fun doing boys activities
    guides vs scouts: guide were considered a womanly partner compared to scouts
    kept many original boy scout badges: electrician, farmer, flyer, horsemanship, pioneer, rifle-shot telegraphist
    many adults were worried about a girls org that was modeled on the military
    learning and fun are not just for boys

hunted tigers in India
flew with a daredevil pilot, when flying at all was still brand new 
